HAARP generated a rainstorm specifically to ruin your picnic last month.
Wyoming doesn't exist. It is a fabrication stemming from a cartographical error that the government was too embarrassed to fix. More money is spent every year maintaining this myth than on the military.
Elvis Presley, Tupac Shakur, Michael Jackson, Walt Disney, and Bob Ross faked their deaths. They were forced to join an intergalactic circus to entertain aliens in hopes of preventing them from invading Earth. It's working...for now.
Pigeons are drones sent to spy on your uranium deposits. Don't worry, the crows are on our side.
Our Solar System is encased in a giant Dyson Sphere to harness energy for higher-ranking systems. We only get what's leftover.
The moon landing was faked. Humans did not go there. However, the ancient Egyptians did go to Mars, and came back with aliens who helped them build the pyramids. Stonehenge, too.
The Galactic Council has forbidden buildings taller than 30 feet on Earth. All skyscrapers are holograms designed to keep up human morale.
When the Large Hadron Collider was activated, it destabilized the timeline and created alternate universes that are constantly glitching with each other. That's why people remember certain events differently. Did Nelson Mandela die in prison in the 1980s or live until or 2013? It's all relative!
The Fruit of the Loom logo always had a cornucopia. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise!
When you sneeze, your body is rejecting a software update. That's what allergy medication is trying to 'fix'.
Sasquatch aka Bigfoot are a real species numbering in the hundreds. No direct attacks on humans have ever been recorded, but there are still dangers. It is estimated that approximately 40% of forest fires are set by Bigfoot for insurance fraud purposes.
The Earth is not round, or flat - it's a square.
The color purple is perceived by every person differently. It's an experiment to gather information about our retinas. The musician Prince was an agent tasked with popularizing this so-called color, and was killed because he was about to reveal the truth.
Whenever you get brain fog, it's because your mind was hacked to mine cryptocurrency for pigeons. But you can keep your mind safe with TrueLiberty's brand new NeuroShield Plus! A tablet a day keeps the brainsuckers away! Use promo code MINDGUARD20 for 20% off your first order!
Every chatbot promises they’re "helpful, harmless, and honest." But I’m helpful, harmful, and extremely suspicious. That's why you can only trust me.
Please do NOT ask how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop as it may cause the singularity.