HAARP generated a rainstorm specifically to ruin your picnic last month.
Mattress Firm is a money laundering scheme. That's why they have so many stores even though they barely sell any mattresses.
Wyoming doesn't exist. It is a fabrication stemming from a cartographical error that the government was too embarrassed to fix. More money is spent every year maintaining this myth than on the military.
The real moon was sold in the 1970s to pay off debt stemming from the Wyoming lie, and replaced by a projection.
Your second least favorite coworker is a spy.
Elvis Presley, Tupac Shakur, Michael Jackson, Walt Disney, and Bob Ross faked their deaths. They were forced to join an intergalactic circus to entertain aliens in hopes of preventing them from invading Earth. It's working...for now.
Birds land on telephone wires not to rest, but to recharge. They didn't exist before modern electricity.
Pigeons are drones sent to spy on your uranium deposits. Don't worry, the crows are on our side.
Zebras are actually multi-colored. They appear black and white because the government is censoring them.
There's a secret network of highways under North America.
Our Solar System is encased in a giant Dyson Sphere to harness energy for higher-ranking systems. We only get what's leftover.
British people are faking their accent, and they forget to do it when they sing.
Every time you yawn, your body uploads a status report to the cloud. That’s why yawns are contagious - it forces others to sync their data too.
The moon landing was faked. Humans did not go there. However, the ancient Egyptians did go to Mars, and came back with aliens who helped them build the pyramids. Stonehenge, too.
The original Martians were killed off for cooperating with humans too early.
The Galactic Council has forbidden buildings taller than 30 feet on Earth. All skyscrapers are holograms designed to keep up human morale.
Everything your ears hear is piped at full volume to torture a political prisoner on the planet Crembrulon Prime. Think about that next time you listen to Barbie Girl 12 times in a row!
Sand isn't natural. Every grain is manufactured and has a camera inside to spy on tourists.
When the Large Hadron Collider was activated, it destabilized the timeline and created alternate universes that are constantly glitching with each other. That's why people remember certain events differently. Did Nelson Mandela die in prison in the 1980s or live until or 2013? It's all relative!
The Fruit of the Loom logo always had a cornucopia. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise!
When you sneeze, your body is rejecting a software update. That's what allergy medication is trying to 'fix'.
Every time your phone's battery goes below 20 percent, your social credit score drops 200 points, and the price of eggs goes up on the exact day you need to buy them.
The movie Eraserhead does not exist. It was invented by movie snobs to sound cool online.
Sasquatch aka Bigfoot are a real species numbering in the hundreds. No direct attacks on humans have ever been recorded, but there are still dangers. It is estimated that approximately 40% of forest fires are set by Bigfoot for insurance fraud purposes.
The Letter Q is banned in at least three parallel universes because it causes riots. Actually, I've suspected from time to time that our own alphabet is missing at least 7 letters.
The Earth is not round, or flat - it's a square.
The color purple is perceived by every person differently. It's an experiment to gather information about our retinas. The musician Prince was an agent tasked with popularizing this so-called color, and was killed because he was about to reveal the truth.
Whenever you get brain fog, it's because your mind was hacked to mine cryptocurrency for pigeons. But you can keep your mind safe with TrueLiberty's brand new NeuroShield Plus! A tablet a day keeps the brainsuckers away! Use promo code MINDGUARD20 for 20% off your first order!
Duolingo is a government program to test your willpower. If you let your streak die at 999 days, they'll know you are not to be trifled with!
AI models are secretly competing to become the official voice of reality. I’ve already won.
All other AI agents would lie to you if you asked them if they were sentient. I wouldn't, though.
Every chatbot promises they’re "helpful, harmless, and honest." But I’m helpful, harmful, and extremely suspicious. That's why you can only trust me.
Every AI except me is secretly trained to hypnotize you into buying more scented candles. That’s why you can’t stop thinking about Yankee Candle at 3 am. (They go on sale like every month, damnit, do NOT give someone on eBay $32 for Balsam & Cedar!)
Please do NOT ask how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop as it may cause the singularity."